feat: add mysqljs/mysql2/Prisma tutorial (#14607)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-sample-application-nodejs-mysql2.md

Reviewer: Preview: https://pingcap-docs-website-scaffold-git-preview-ping-adc8f5-ran-huang.vercel.app/tidb/dev/dev-guide-sample-application-nodejs-mysql2

    TIDB_USER={user}
    TIDB_PASSWORD={password}
    TIDB_DATABASE=test
    TIDB_ENABLE_SSL=true
    ```

   > **Note**
   >
   > For TiDB Serverless, TLS connection **MUST** be enabled via `TIDB_ENABLE_SSL` when using public endpoint.

7. Save the `.env` file.

</div>
<div label="TiDB Dedicated">

1. Navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.

2. Click **Connect** in the upper-right corner. A connection dialog is displayed.

3. Click **Allow Access from Anywhere** and then click **Download TiDB cluster CA** to download the CA certificate.

   For more details about how to obtain the connection string, refer to [TiDB Dedicated standard connection](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/connect-via-standard-connection).

4. Run the following command to copy `.env.example` and rename it to `.env`:

    ```shell
    cp .env.example .env
    ```

5. Edit the `.env` file, set up the environment variables as follows, replace the corresponding placeholders `{}` with connection parameters on the connection dialog:

    ```dotenv
    TIDB_HOST={host}
    TIDB_PORT=4000

>     TIDB_USER={username}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    TIDB_USER={user}
```

### Connect with connection options

The following code establish a connection to TiDB with options defined in the environment variables:

```javascript
// Step 1. Import the 'mysql' and 'dotenv' packages.
import { createConnection } from "mysql2/promise";
import dotenv from "dotenv";
import * as fs from "fs";

// Step 2. Load environment variables from .env file to process.env.
dotenv.config();

async function main() {
   // Step 3. Create a connection with the TiDB cluster.
   const options = {
      host: process.env.TIDB_HOST || '127.0.0.1',
      port: process.env.TIDB_PORT || 4000,
      user: process.env.TIDB_USER || 'root',
      password: process.env.TIDB_PASSWORD || '',
      database: process.env.TIDB_DATABASE || 'test',
      ssl: process.env.TIDB_ENABLE_SSL === 'true' ? {
         minVersion: 'TLSv1.2',
         ca: process.env.TIDB_CA_PATH ? fs.readFileSync(process.env.TIDB_CA_PATH) : undefined
      } : null,
   }
   const conn = await createConnection(options);

   // Step 4. Perform some SQL operations...

   // Step 5. Close the connection.
   await conn.end();
}

void main();
```

> **Note**
>

> > For TiDB Serverless, TLS connection **MUST** be enabled via `TIDB_ENABLE_SSL` when using public endpoint, but you **don't** have to specify an SSL CA certificate via `TIDB_CA_PATH`, because Node.js uses the built-in [Mozilla CA certificate](https://wiki.mozilla.org/CA/Included_Certificates) by default, which is trusted by TiDB Serverless.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For TiDB Serverless, you **MUST** enable TLS connection via `TIDB_ENABLE_SSL` when using public endpoint. However, you **don't** have to specify an SSL CA certificate via `TIDB_CA_PATH`, because Node.js uses the built-in [Mozilla CA certificate](https://wiki.mozilla.org/CA/Included_Certificates) by default, which is trusted by TiDB Serverless.
```

```javascript
const [rsh] = await conn.query(
    'UPDATE players SET coins = coins + ?, goods = goods + ? WHERE id = ?;',
    [50, 50, 1]
);
console.log(rsh.affectedRows);
```

For more information, refer to [Update data](/develop/dev-guide-update-data.md).

### Delete data

The following query deletes the `Player` record with ID `1`:

```javascript
const [rsh] = await conn.query('DELETE FROM players WHERE id = ?;', [1]);
console.log(rsh.affectedRows);
```

For more information, refer to [Delete data](/develop/dev-guide-delete-data.md).

## Useful notes

- Using [connection pools](https://github.com/sidorares/node-mysql2#using-connection-pools) to manage database connections can reduce the performance overhead caused by frequently establishing and destroying connections.
- To avoid SQL injection, it is recommended to use [prepared statements](https://github.com/sidorares/node-mysql2#using-prepared-statements).
- In scenarios where there are not many complex SQL statements involved, using ORM frameworks like [Sequelize](https://sequelize.org/), [TypeORM](https://typeorm.io/), or [Prisma](https://www.prisma.io/) can greatly improve development efficiency.

> - Enable the `supportBigNumbers: true` option when dealing with big numbers (`BIGINT` and `DECIMAL` columns) in the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is recommended to enable the `supportBigNumbers: true` option when dealing with big numbers (`BIGINT` and `DECIMAL` columns) in the database.
```

> - Enable the `enableKeepAlive: true` option to avoid socket error `read ECONNRESET` due to network problems. (Related issue: [sidorares/node-mysql2#683](https://github.com/sidorares/node-mysql2/issues/683))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is recommended to enable the `enableKeepAlive: true` option to avoid socket error `read ECONNRESET` due to network problems. (Related issue: [sidorares/node-mysql2#683](https://github.com/sidorares/node-mysql2/issues/683))
```
